for teams and collaborators to work together
to build API definitions.
We can add a collaborator to and organization's API catalog
by clicking on the organization in the sidebar
to access the organizational settings.
Within the organizational settings section,
we see the members tab.
In order to invite a collaborator, all we need to know
In this case we're going to invite the swaggercourse2 user
to collaborate on the API definitions
So we'll go ahead and select that SwaggerHub member
and invite them, and you'll notice here in a second
that we will have this individual added
to the members of our organization.
Let's go ahead and make this individual an owner.
So we're going to give them
some pretty high level permissions.
Now, you'll notice that it's indicating
an invitation has been sent to this user.
That invitation is sent via email
and this individual will need to accept our invitation
once they receive the email inviting them.
I'm going to refresh the page,
so that we can see, the member's status will update
once they've accepted the invitation.
There we see that the individual
with the username swaggercourse2
has joined our H Plus Sports organization.
Now at this point I'm going to go to a separate browser,
and here I'm logged in as the swaggercourse2 collaborator.
And that individual is actually an owner
of our API definitions and you'll see
that when I refresh my hub for this user,
we now have access to API's and domains
within the H Plus Sports catalog.
So if I navigate into the catalog API,
here this individual is able to make updates
to the API in order to collaborate
on their development within the organization.
Now, another neat feature in SwaggerHub
is we get the ability to make comments on an API definition.
So I just click this little plus button
to the left of a line number
and then I can describe some change
I would like to see made to the API.
And this capability is able to facilitate collaboration
amongst the team members of the organization.
So in this lesson, we saw
how to add a collaborator at the organization level
and this allows us to team up to build API definitions
for an organization.